Well, good evening family. Thank you for
joining me again tonight. We're going to
pray and go over some of
the things that have happened in
the news
in the last 48 hours or so. It's
been a good weekend. I pray you've had a
wonderful weekend. The weather's been
nice. We've gotten some rain,
and so, giving Jesus all the glory for
the rain. Isn't it wonderful? Things
start to get really green whenever the
rain comes.
I love it. The flowers,
everything—the
animals love it. Everything gets
happy
for the rain.
Father, we thank you for all the rain
that we've had. Thank you for all
the rain we have in the forecast this
week. We're so grateful for all the rain
that you've given us. And I thank you
that it's going to rain from sea to
shining sea. We call in the rain. We
thank you, Lord, that the drought is
broken in the name of Jesus. We call it in
again this week already;
we call it in from the north, the
south, east, and the west. We thank you, Lord,
that the rain is coming on
the jet stream as
the low-pressure
system is bringing it forth.
But not only that, Father, we thank you,
Lord, that it stalls out and just keeps
dumping on our area. I thank you, Lord,
that we would have enough to fill up our
lakes, our ponds, our streams, our
rivers, and Father, our reservoirs.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we have
at least five inches this week in Jesus'name
to
get out of the deficit.
Everybody say amen on that. You agree
for your area because you don't just
stop whenever you just get a little bit.
That's the beginning; whenever you
make it a greasy spot, you keep praying
and calling the rain in in the
spring. Well, Brandon, isn't it
supposed to
rain in the spring? Yes,
but we had a major drought
and we have to catch up.
And so, for
those
of you
who
are having a lot of rain, don't take it
for granted because fires are terrible when
everything's
burning up
and you go, 'Man, we've got to have rain
quick.'All
right. So, okay, we have a lot of
news here, Braden.
This is where I'm at with... that's
the chat.
I don't want to see it.
It moves in my
eye whenever I see all those people
talking.
I want to say this. Oh, so we see the
Sooners
come out. Do you remember when I
told you Japan will be the Sooner
concerning crypto? Japan, South
Korea—I
said they will be the ones that implement
things before America.
And you'll start to see Japan
implement the crypto laws and really
try to go after it like
America will in the days ahead. But I
called them the Sooners. And I said, 'I saw
the Boomer Schooner wagon.'If you're
familiar with OU
college football, they have a
Schooner
wagon. Well, every time they make a
touchdown, they run out
that wagon and celebrate the touchdown.
And I said, 'This is what you're about
to see.'I said, 'I saw Sooners coming
across Japan and South Korea in the days
ahead.'So
Braden said, 'Daddy, the
word is coming to pass.'Do you see it?
Yeah.
Is something wrong? Right. Okay.
See this article
right here? I don't know—some of this
stuff, you have to be careful. There are a
lot of scammers, but this is a good one.
Braden says,
'Okay, Japan officially approves bill to
recognize cryptocurrency
as a financial
asset.'The
Sooners. Ain't that neat? I
thought that was so cool. I said, 'Look,
Lord, it's happening.'Just like you
said, Japan is announcing their recognition
of
cryptocurrency. The Sooners
are at work. They're sending out
the wagon.
Here we go. Then we have the little
gray-headed guy saying about America and
Coinbase coming out and
saying it's time to get it done. Do
you have that? No.
Oh, you don't? Okay. Do you have
anything about...
well, I thought that's what
we were talking about. I'm sorry.
I've been exercising. I've been out
trying to do walks. So, I haven't
had
time to talk to Braden before it
got dark because I'm trying to
get this weight down as quickly as
possible. I've gotten 25
going on 30
lbs
off
and I'm giving God all the glory for it.
You know, the older I get,
it seems... when I was in my 20s, it
fell off a lot faster,
but now
I have to work harder, it seems. But
that's all right. We're going to get it
off. And I told Diana, I said, 'You know,
just watching your calories and
exercising.'I've
been walking, taking
walks,
and
it's fun, I guess.
Woohoo!
But Paisley likes it.
All right,
here is
the guy that's over
Coinbase.
We agree. So
Scott—this
SEC
Scott—he
said
they want to get the Clarity
Act done. Basically, he's making an
announcement saying, 'We've got to get
this Clarity Act done. You all
have
to stop
delaying.'And
then the guy that's over Coinbase is
saying, 'We agree.
We agree
it's time to pass the Clarity
Act.'So
the Sooner is before this. The Treasury
Secretary...
Congress has spent the better part of
half a decade trying to pass a framework
to onshore the future of finance.
And so I said, 'What are we going
to see in the days ahead? A
Clarity Act.'That's what
we're
going to pray about. We keep praying
about it and I said I saw the
boys—Donald
Trump's sons—with the coins and
they were dancing and they were going
into the new building. They had a
big building and I said I saw the
building start growing and it doubled
the building that they had.
So
when you're looking into a vision, I
don't try to add to or take away from
anything, but what is it talking about?
Was that building
their
real estate empire?
I tried to
figure out what the Lord's trying to say
without being flaky about it.
But
when I saw that building standing there
and it was all the Trump letters, and
then I saw this new
tower start to grow and it had digital
all in it, and it started to make
the real estate building where they are
at now look really small compared to
what they're about to do. And
Barron came on the
scene. Now I don't know how far Barron
has left school, if he's going to
college or whatever, but I'm sure he is.
And if he's getting a Master's or
whatever, who knows? But I know that I
saw Barron come into the building and
all of a sudden Barron made the whole
building start having digital writing on
it.
And I saw
Eric leading
them
in. But Barron was the
mastermind. His mind was
the one that was running this thing
more.
Eric went
and then all of a sudden
the building started to come alive.
If everybody remembers that vision that
I had about a week ago,
I just get excited about it when
they start talking this stuff because
I'm believing God for a financial
turnaround for the body of Christ,
for the wealth of the sinners laid up
for the righteous. And I believe
in the name of Jesus, we're going to see
it sooner than later. I keep standing on
it. I'm not letting it go. As we hear
everybody talk about the markets
crashing and things looking bad—'Oh no,
the sky is falling, Chicken
Little'—I
believe that as for me and my
house, we're going to be blessed and we're going to
keep
standing, regardless
if the Great Depression is going all
around us and we have a major
1929-style
crash. I remember a preacher talking
and he said, 'During the Great
Depression, my mom and daddy never went
without
anything.'He
said, 'They always
tithed. They always gave. They always
sowed to the church. And God always took
care of them during the Great
Depression. They never lacked anything.
They always made their house payment.
They always had food on the
table for us kids. They always had all
this.'And
he was talking about how God
always provided even in the Great
Depression. Now, if you're talking about
my granny who was 106 when she went
home to be with the Lord, they
struggled. They didn't believe in
tithing. They didn't believe in giving.
I don't even think they were
really good
Baptists.
They were Baptist, but I don't even think they were really good Baptists. They were just kind
of lukewarm Baptists even at that.
She said, "Brendon, we had to eat
black crow,
you know, the big black crows
flying around in the sky."She goes, "Daddy
would go out there and shoot those black
crows and we would eat crow pie,
blackbird pie, black crow pie, and we
would try to make it out of
whatever we had to."Then she goes,
"And if those became scarce because
people were killing all the crows off,
we started eating
possum."She
said, "We'd go down in
the creek beds and look for possums and
we'd
start eating possum."I said, "Granny,
what did possum taste like?"She said, "It
tastes like gristly, really fatty.
It was real oily because the
possum was real greasy."She said, "We
used to try to fry it because
we
were
starving."She
goes, "And I'll never forget
getting those
flour
sacks from the feed
store and Mama
couldn't give us good clothes and we
were growing as kids, so she would always
make us feed store sack
clothes."Even
up until Granny went home to be
with the Lord at 106,
she would always go out in the ditch and
find stuff to eat.
She'd
go out there and
all kinds of poke greens and lamb's
quarter,
whatever she could find.
She'd
go out there and start digging in the
yard and pull it up by the roots
and she would cook it and
eat it, and it stunk so bad.
But she was healthy. She lived to
be
106 years old.
The only reason she went home was she
fell and hurt her hip and they
were going to put her in the nursing home
and she willed herself to death. She
said, "I'm not going to the nursing
home."She
gave up the ghost right there
on the bed because she was determined not to
go
to the nursing home. She did not
want to go or she'd probably still
be here.
She is a fighter. She wanted
to live.
But she didn't want to go to the nursing
home
and she was alive. She wanted to take care
of herself.
Even until then, to make a
long story short, she took sponge baths.
Didn't have to;
had money, but she wouldn't even take a
bath in the shower. She would
fill a pan up full of water and dip the
sponge and take a sponge bath and wash
her hair
because she was so scared of not having,
and she saved foil. She saved everything. But
my point is
that generation knew how to live off the
land. They had some
grit.
Granny and them had some grit.
She made the best
buttermilk biscuits I ever had in my
life. But I'm going to tell you
that 10-year window
for
the Great
Depression affected her for the
rest of her life for decades to come.
That financial lack
that hit
America shook her for
decades and decades. And
that was
when
she was just a young girl.
That
tells you
how
we're so blessed;
our generation is so blessed. We've
never tasted that kind of stuff. That
was only 100 years ago.
1929 will be 100 years in the next couple
of years.
I'm not trying to say all
that to freak you out.
I've seen it again and again.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you.
If we are the body of
Christ, we must learn how to give. We
must learn how to trust God for
a great shaking to awaken. Do I
believe we're going to see 1929?
I pray with all my heart we don't.
But history seems to repeat itself.
People are asleep.
What
is the mechanism to the revival?
What brings what we're looking for?
What is
the
first domino?
It seems that America
is stiff-necked
and God's going to get their attention
somehow.
I
just think it's
interesting to me. As I
pray into all this stuff and
as we see this, what did I tell you we
would see?
What the Holy Spirit warned us about
President Trump, the war, and all the things. I said
when the
tariffs don't go into effect and we
don't pray the Supreme Court justice to
coincide with him, we're in
the valley of decision. This was back in
January. I said this will be a major
turning point of his
presidency.
And I said the next phase will be war,
war, war. I said Trump will be known as a
wartime president. When he first started,
I told you this over a year ago.
He came out
saying,
"I'm full of peace. I want
peace."But
God
will use him to shake the nations.
He will crack his whip and he will shake
the nations in making America great
again. There will be
a business side of him that we've never
seen before.
All gloves are off. Why? Because he's not
going to be president again.
We know we're out of time. He knows
where the American economy is. But I
said, "Watch what happens when he
attacks Iran and attacks this area over
there."It's
going to happen.
Remember, I said, "He'll go after
Venezuela and he'll get Venezuela and
then he's going to go after
Iran."And
guess what? It happened exactly the way
the Lord said.
You
can go look through all the videos
of every time the Lord warned us about
it.
And I said, "Then he will say, drill,
baby, drill."And he did.
We will take Iran back to the Stone Age
and they will.
When this takes place,
I said people will start to buy oil from
America
and it will make America's economy
booming again
and it will look like everybody and
their brother is coming to America
to buy oil. Does anybody remember
this stuff that I'm telling you? I said
it will stimulate and there'll
be oil all in the Gulf of America.
There'll be oil coming out of Houston.
I saw pipelines
being opened up and they'll start to
talk about
reestablishing major pipelines
and oil will flow from Canada.
I saw
all this oil going on
and a greater stronger economy and all
these things.
Today, look what they say.
Look, the Strait has been closed again.
I don't know. I think it was by America;
we closed it. You aren't going to go down
that anymore because of the
agreement.
The US military says it will start
a
blockade of all ships going to and from
Iran on Monday. No more oil for you.
What did I say?
What did the Lord say? It's not me.
Even on my best day, I
can't.
What did the Lord say?
The US military says it will start
a
blockade of all shipping
going to and from Iran on Monday.
So, how long will that happen? Well,
where are they going to go?
Look, Braden, show them
where they're going. Where are all these
boats headed?
Right here.
Look at the boats.
This is real time. This isn't the Strait
of Hormuz.
This is America. Look, can you show them?
You're blocking it.
Look at all those boats coming out of
there. And then I said, "Watch
what we do with
Panama."Remember
I said the Lord said
we are going to establish
ourselves very strong in the Panama
Canal
and we will have great oil
coming out of Houston,
out of this area, out of the Gulf. And I
said, "Watch drill, baby,
drill."Look
at all those boats. They're all coming
here to get our oil.
So let's look at what Trump says.
What does President Trump say?
Do you not have it? I have it. Okay,
right here.
Massive
numbers of
completely empty oil tankers, some of
the largest anywhere in the world, are
headed right now to the United States to
load up with the best and the sweetest
oil and gas anywhere in the world. We
have more oil
than the next two largest oil economies
combined and higher quality. We are
waiting for you. Quick
turnaround, President Trump. Right. Look
at that.
What did the Lord say was coming?
This right here, ladies and gentlemen.
This is what He told us was coming.
And I said
it. I said, 'Well, they will
come in here for the sweetest oil.'It's the sweetest
oil. The
plan is in process.
I saw oil because of this go
really high,
and all of
a sudden, everybody's buying it for a high
dollar a barrel,
and it stimulates the economy.
America
goes—people
don't realize that President
Trump just pulled off the largest
shift in global power ever.
Trump essentially burned down the
competition and said America is open for
business as oil tankers are coming in
droves
to America to fill up.
I said, 'What happens?'The Lord told us
the terrorists will fall. We better
pray. That's the first plan. But if it
doesn't work, Plan B will be the
oil. And guess what happened?
Exactly what the Lord said right here.
But what was it the
Lord told us to watch out for now?
Attacks on our oil facilities. I saw
Houston, I saw
Louisiana, I saw our major oil refinery
in Tuttle, Oklahoma. And the Lord said,
'Do you see these men in their houses?
Do you see the blueprints upon their
walls?
They have a plan to disrupt your oil
facilities to retaliate for what's
happening to their economy and your
economy. And they are going to try to
disrupt by blowing up these things with
their homemade rocket
launchers.'Do
you all
remember that last week? We prayed over
this a lot. But I told you it
was coming, what the Lord showed us. And
I saw them casing out the facilities on
boats because they couldn't get close to
them
and they had to use our rivers.
They were pretending
to be fishing
and they were looking at our nuclear
facilities, our nuclear plants, our
electric grid, and they were looking
at our water plants.
And the Lord said they will try to
disrupt
you in the days ahead
with major
electric
disruptions, some of which will
last up to three weeks and longer in some
major cities,
and people will be in the hospital
suffering; it will be very
hot. I said it was hot outside and it
was so miserable in the summer and
people die of heat stroke.
Does
anybody remember that?
I've said this over a
course of time. The Lord keeps telling
us and telling us. Why? Because we can stop
it.
Why?
Because I believe with all my heart
God's brought up prayer generals in this
end-time army. Now, the Muslim
people, He loves them,
but they don't serve Him
and He doesn't have a covenant with
them.
He has a covenant with you. He has a
covenant with me.
And a God that will always
recognize His covenant will take care of
His people.
Now, you want to spit in His face and
say, 'Allah is king and Allah is God and
we want the virgins and we're going
to blow you up infidels and we're going
to kill the
Jews.'Guess
what? God isn't on their side.
God's on the side of the
believing believer
that understands that Jesus Christ is
Lord and He dwells in our hearts richly
by faith.
And He will uphold His
covenant with us.
Now, I know I'm a covenant man, and my
wife's a covenant woman. We believe in
Jesus Christ that He will provide for
us. He said—the Bible
says—'I've
never seen the righteous forsaken or
his
seed begging bread.'Are you one of
those?
I have to ask you again, are you one of
those? Do you believe that God will
provide for you in the midst of the
drought, in the midst of the desert?
Will you be the one that He brings
the raven to take care of just like
He did in the Bible?
I believe it. As for me and my house, we
will serve the Lord.
I have had
a lot and I've had little, but I'm going
to tell you, God has been faithful on
every single side.
He has been faithful every single time.
So, what are we going to do? We're going
to pray that the FBI, Homeland
Security, our CIA,
and
our
Secret Service will all find the people
who would try to do this in America.
Why? I believe we have a covenant there.
If it's not for the people who
are blaspheming the Lord and saying
we're not for it, like some of the
far-leftists,
at least we have a remnant of people
that know how to pray up in here and
say, 'No, as for me and mine, we're
serving you, Lord, and if you don't take
care of them, you're going to take care
of me. And the overflow of you taking
care of me is going to rain down on
them,
too.'Do
you believe it?
Because God's going to take care of you.
I believe it. Do you believe He's going
to take care of you? You have to believe
it for yourself, too. No matter
what we see around us in these last
days, no matter what kind of plagues, no
matter what kind of storms we
see, God is going to take care of
me. And if the death angel could pass by
the children of Israel's house
whenever they were going from
the Pharaoh and all that was going on
with him and they put blood on their
doors—I
put the anointing oil upon my
door just like they did, and this
represents the blood of the
Lamb—if
the plague and the death angel
passed
by their house, how much more will He do
it for you?
We have a better covenant.
We have the covenant from Jesus's
blood. He took it all for us. He
suffered and died for us. And guess what?
I'm a joint heir with Jesus Christ now
just because of what He did for me. And
you are too. He's no respecter of
persons. And those that call upon the
name of the Lord will be saved.
And I believe what a time to show that
Jesus Christ is Lord in our lives even
more so. And we're the salty ones.
People go, 'Man, what is it about you
that you're not freaked out right
now?'Why?
Because I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost
and He dwells on the inside of me richly
by faith. And I believe that as He is, so
am I in this world. Greater is He that
is in me than he that is in the world. A
thousand shall fall at my side and
10,000 at my right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh me. And if you believe
that, He will do the same for you as He
will for Brandon Biggs.
But you've got to be a believing
believer that's fully persuaded that
what God has promised, He's able also to
perform it. And you've got to grab a hold
of it now.
Believe now while things are good,
instead of saying, 'Well, we'll believe
that way when things are a little
rough.'No,
I'm going to believe that
way now.
I'm not going to wait until all heck is
breaking loose all around me and go,
'Well, you know, it may be time to trust
God.'I'm
going to trust Him in the good
times and I'm going to trust Him in the
bad times. And I'm going to tell you, I
know a shaking's coming to this nation.
What side of it are you on?
Where are you on? Is it going to
affect your house? No. Because I believe
we are the children of the most high God
and He loves me
and He loves you.
Either you believe it or you don't.
People, I told you about spiritual
cannibalism and the church eating each
other up. We've got to join together and
stop the bickering back and
forth—'well,
I don't agree with
this prophetic word, I don't agree with
what you said over here, I don't believe
the Mahdi is MBS, I totally believe it's
this over here.'We can agree to
disagree, but we don't have to be
spiritual cannibals and eat each other
because we don't agree about it.
I'm not a Bible theologian,
ladies and gentlemen. I'm going to tell
you that Brandon Biggs
struggles reading this stuff right here,
but I'm trying.
And I'm going to tell you this:
even as a janitor, He took care of me
then. I may not be able to study
the Bible like a Perry Stone or some of
these others, but at least
I'm doing what I can
do and I'm doing my part.
And we're going to pray together. We're
going to lift up the name of Jesus
together. People would say,
'Do you agree with Israel? And do you agree
with all this because you have all
this?'What
did I tell you was coming?
Do you know? And when I say what
did I tell you, it's an easier way; it's
always the Lord. I want to make sure you
understand: it is not Brandon Biggs. I
don't
know anything; it's the Lord. When
I heard great anti-Semitism
will rise up in the media
and in public and they will blame the
Jews for the oil prices, the gas prices,
food, everything. And they will not be
able to—the Orthodox Jews will not be able
to go in public without being persecuted
almost to death.
And I saw them having rocks and things
thrown at them walking through Europe
and America: Philadelphia,
New York, and up north in Chicago
Jewish communities. They were not able
to go outside in public. When this
happened, I saw them uprooting their
families and moving back to Israel and
they started taking over Gaza.
Does anybody remember that? I said I
saw a Trump golf course coming to
Gaza. I saw buildings being built on
Gaza. And I saw a new Gaza with oil in
the Mediterranean right outside. I
saw oil, and there was a vast amount of
oil right outside Gaza. It was so
much that it was billions and billions
of dollars, and there was a certain oil
company that would become very
wealthy.
I said it's in the days ahead. The
other part I said: it's bringing
the Jews home.
Anti-Semitism will bring all these Jews
home. I saw them going home. And the
Lord said this will fulfill prophecy.
The other part was I said, 'Watch after
Iran gets their hand out of
Babylon.'Babylon
will rise out of nowhere and you
will see Saudi Arabia become one of the
major leaders with MBS in the days ahead
that will bring forth a two-state
solution with Jared.
Does anybody remember what the
Lord said on that?
Look at Saudi Arabia today.
Can you show them?
Saudi Arabia restores east-west oil
pipeline bypassing the Strait,
pumping
7 million
barrels per day.
So I said Saudi Arabia comes out of
nowhere and watch what happens. And I
say
they will be friends with the
people in Iraq and Iraq will rise up out
of the ashes. I said watch what
happens because
Iran was influencing Iraq and Iraq's oil
was being
partially controlled by America
because of the
war with taking out Saddam, and
there will be a pumping of oil
and Saudi Arabia will become very
wealthy. Now, I have said that I believe
there's a great opportunity
that that man could be the Antichrist.
Could I be wrong? Yes.
But he looks very similar to this man.
When I went to tribulation in
2014,
July 6th,
in the middle of the night, the Lord took me
and I saw—I said the man looks... I've
tried to find him time and time again...
the man that looks like the Antichrist.
And everybody said, 'What did he look
like?'I
said the closest thing that
I've ever seen was the man that looks
like MBS,
Muhammad
bin Salman. Now if it's not
him, it's somebody who looks like him.
I said the Antichrist will look
just like him.
So
everybody has a different opinion
and that's fine. That's what's so
amazing and how awesome it is to have
freedom of speech and be able to say
what you feel. If you feel
something different, that's fine. But
I'm going to tell you this: we cannot
pit
ourselves against each other
and be spiritual cannibals against
each other and be so mean about what we
believe versus the other and downplay
them and be mean like
we're
just eating people alive.
Listen, we're all supposed to be a
family and work together and we've got to
be stronger as a unit together as
the body of Christ than we've ever been
before because we're getting
our tail ends whipped by the world if we
don't. We have to join together and
pray because the enemy will keep us
divided. Remember when He said, 'I'm
breaking dividing walls. I'm taking down
racism. I'm taking down between: you're a
black church, I'm a white church, you're
an
Asian church, I'm a Hispanic
church.'And
we're all just kind of different; we
don't want to be a part of each other's
churches. And the Lord said, 'I'm
taking down the walls of segregation.
I'm bringing forth liberty, and you're
going to work together as a body.
You're Baptist? I don't care. You're
Catholic? I'm your friend. Let's go.
Let's
pray.'And
that's what the Lord said:
'Brandon,
this is all hands on deck.
For the harvest is plentiful and the
laborers are few.'What part of that do
we not understand? That there's
so many people going to hell, but
there's not very many people bringing
them in.
And yet we're all against each
other.
It seems to be that way a lot.
We have groups of people that say, 'Well, we
don't want to fellowship with them. We
don't do this over here.
This church is small; it stays small. This
is it.'And
it's
interesting. That's what I'm just trying
to tell y'all because I'm seeing a
major revival come to Cuba. I talked to
a major pastor in Miami.
Amazing, huge church, huge what God is
going to do and what the Lord told me is
coming for that church. And a major
revival. And when I called it out,
he said, 'I have meetings with certain
people that you brought up in
prayer.'And
I can't go into it because I didn't have
permission to say
anything, but I'm telling you:
Cuba will be saved. Cuba
is
going to have a major revival.
Venezuela is going to have a major
revival.
Colombia,
Brazil, Argentina—you better
get ready.
He said, 'Don't wait and just rely on
the anointing that's on your life when
you go. You must take prayer warriors
around you because you will be
more effective.'And that's why I
brought up this book.
And people say, 'Well, it's AI written
and all this stuff.'I don't know about
all that. All I know is it blessed me.
And talking about
Charles Finney needing prayer warriors.
And everybody on this channel, if you're
here, I know you're a prayer warrior. And
God's going to use you for the
end-time
army. And if we are the ones picking the
rocks out of the beds, then by all means,
let's get them picked out of there so
that the harvest can come forth.
Some plant, some water, and God always
brings forth the increase. What part are
you? Are you a planter? Are you a
waterer? But I know that He's going to
bring forth the increase, but I just
want to be in the first two.
And He may use you to help bring in the
increase,
but either way, just be a willing vessel
that's able to eat the good of the land
and say, 'Listen, I want to be here and
I want to be used. I
don't care if I'm a janitor, if I'm
cleaning glass, or if I'm working in the
nursery or as a parking lot attendant. I
just want to be a part of the greatest
move of God that this world has ever
seen
before.'Either
you believe it and you believe
He's coming or you don't. And there's a
lot of people that say, 'I don't want
anything
to do with Brandon Biggs's
ministry because you believe that Jesus
Christ is coming soon.'Well, if you
don't, that's fine.
You believe He's coming 100 years from
now? Fine, do that—that's on you. But I
choose to believe He's coming sooner
than later.
We can agree to disagree. You think we
have 50 years?
That's fine.
But I have an urgency in my heart.
There's so many people like, 'Well,
Brandon, I can't listen to
you,'including
big ministers. He's
false.
He's saying, 'Jesus is coming.'I believe in
my heart. Did you know that prophet
so-and-so said this? Did you know that
prophet so-and-so? I don't listen to
prophet so-and-so; I listen to Jesus.
I don't care what prophet so-and-so said. I'm
not accountable for what prophet
so-and-so said; I'm only accountable for
what He's told me.
So, I don't care what this one said
over there and that one said over there.
You know what the Bible says also: that there
will
be many false prophets in the
last days.
So be careful who you're listening to.
If you want to say I'm a false
prophet because I'm telling people to
get saved and Jesus is coming... and the
Lord said, 'Be a John the Baptist in
these last days. Tell people I'm coming,
Brandon. They're running out of
time.'And
if I tell you that with all my heart
and you call me a false prophet and
Jesus shows up, I'm going to sit there
and go, 'Well, at least we
tried.'My
heart is the harvest.
My heart is to bring as many of
you all with me as I can to
tell you that Jesus Christ loves you and
He has a plan for your life. And it's to
bless you and not to harm you, so that
you will have a great and
expected end, that you have healing in
your body if you would receive it. That
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday,
today, and forever, and He is a healer
and He is a rewarder of those that
diligently seek Him.
So call me a false prophet,
call me somebody that's off,
but I'm going to tell you that Jesus
loves you and I pray for you and I
pray you know Him. Nothing else matters
other than: do you have a
relationship with Jesus Christ?
If you were to die tonight, where would
you spend eternity?
All the things that are happening all
around us and the acceleration of what
the Lord told us was
coming—it's
happening. So if this is happening,
is your heart ready for the coming of
the Lord?
He said, 'I'm coming. I'm standing at
the door.'This dispensation of
grace is coming to an end.
Brandon,
the sun is setting on this
timeframe.
Whether that's five years... I had one man
ask,
'Well, can you tell me if it's
3 years, 5 years, or 10 years? What do you
believe?'I
don't know. No man knows the
day or the hour
the Son of Man comes. That's what
the Bible says. But we know the signs
as we watch the fig tree. We know the
signs as we watch the things that are
happening all around us. And I'm going
to tell you, as a frog in the pot, many
of you are being boiled
and you don't even realize it yet. You
have your head in the sand and you see
the birthing pains all around you
with the weather and the major
droughts and the wars and
the rumors of wars and the pestilence
and the plagues that are coming and
the five shakings the Lord told us was
coming
with our president. He said, 'President
Trump won't make this if you don't pray
for him.
He won't make it until January 2029.
He'll never make it.
Why?
Because he can't do this alone. He must
have us pray for
him.'Do
you believe he's a puppet to Israel? There
are
so many people saying, 'Israel and
Benjamin is a bad
man.'Listen,
I told you I don't always agree
with the Israeli government, but I
always stand with Israel because Israel
is forever.
Do I agree with the United States
government? Do I agree with
everything President Trump says when he
says bad words? No.
But I pray for him with all my heart
that God will give him a Road to
Damascus experience and that it would
shake him in the midnight hour and that
he would have a glorious experience
with my Heavenly Father.
Because the only thing that's going to
save America is not President Trump; it is
an awakening unto God.
I don't care if President Trump
came out tomorrow and was speaking in
tongues on camera and
Paula
White's up there praying
in tongues next to him, and you got my
other friends up there praying and you
see Don up there busting out in
tongues and everybody's
shouting,
'Fire on you!'and people are
falling out all over the place—which I
believe could happen—but even then,
it will not save America.
The only thing that's going to save
America is an awakening unto God
and for God to pour out His Spirit
upon this nation one more time, and the
preachers preaching repentance and
holiness back in the pulpits and telling
the people that you must live right and
act right and stop living a
compromising life because they're
going to hell. And tell them the truth.
It's time to wake up.
It's time to tell the people that Jesus
is coming and you must get your heart
right.
But there's so many people that want to
play pat-a-cake Christianity. And if you
don't say something certain right on
social media, which is trash in the
first place,
they go, 'Well, you're
anti-Semite!
You're this! You're that!'And I go,
'No, I'm not.
I love the Jews more than anybody. I
pray for them. I pray for the people.
Just because I don't always agree with
some of the government decisions, just
like I don't agree with a lot of
the things that we do, doesn't mean I'm
anti-Semitism.'You
don't have to be mean to people
you don't agree with.
You can be nice to
folks.
Who are we always to be throwing rocks
at folks?
Show love to folks,
whatever tribe
or
tongue you are. Let's just say that
Jesus loves you
and it's time to repent and turn to Him
before it's too late.
I don't know,
I just see so much hate.
There's so much hate in emails
where
people
say,
'You said this, you said
that.'My
goodness,
anybody can twist anything you say. And
when I talk as much as I do for two and
a half
hours, I say a lot of stuff.
And you do that times five when I do
these videos. At the end of the week,
I'm tired. I have to have a
couple days off just to refocus.
I don't want to miss Him in my
own personal life, always trying to hear
Him and put out what the Lord is saying
for me to say to you
so that you all don't miss it. I don't
want to miss it. I have some big
decisions to make,
huge,
more than I can ever convey on this
platform or ever tell you what's going on in
my personal life right now.
But
it is what it is.
We count it all joy.
I was asking Him about what I told you
last time
about the greater glory and about
plateauing in ministry.
I woke up
one morning and I was sitting there and
He said, 'I already told you in
my Word. How do you get the greater glory?
You've asked this in your heart and you even
said it on your
platform.'He
said, 'It's
Refiner's Fire.
If you want to go to the greater glory,
it comes through refining.
The reason plateaus happen
and you're not going from glory to glory
is because you've limited Me and how I'm
able to refine
you.'I've
had enough; I don't want any more
refining.
He said, 'But Brandon, My heart is for
you to go from glory to
glory.'He's
changing me
into
His likeness
and image to perfect in me the love of
God shown to the world. For
He's changing me from earthly things to
the heavenlies. He's changing
you into
His likeness and image to perfect in
you
the love of God shown to the world
from glory to glory.
Many people, when they get to a
certain level,
like I saw with
an old pastor—he wanted 10,000 members
so bad,
he had a goal of 10,000 members,
and for the 13-plus years that
we worked there, we never achieved it;
we made it to
8,500.
We made it to 85. Some Easter Sundays we
would bust 15.
But his whole goal was to get to
a certain amount. It was his focus.
And the Lord started showing me. He
said, "If your focus is
that, you're missing it.
Outward growth for man's
approval—you're
missing it. Growth should always
be to impact my kingdom,
from glory to glory, for the
souls,
for healings,
and
demonstration. But if it's ever just for
ego—if
it ever comes about just being for
ego—I'll
never allow it.
Ego is a destroyer."So many times
I've—like
even with this last blessed
brother—he
showed me
his church this weekend.
He said, "I want you to come here and
I'll help you get a home. I'll do
all these
things."One
of the largest churches in America
offered me
finances to bless my family, big money
to help us.
And
I was like, "This is God,
Lord. This is you. It has
to be
you."But
the Lord said to me,
"Are you going to deliberately disobey
what I've asked you to
do?"I
said, "What do you mean?
Any blessings from you, right? Any open
door has to be from you."He
said,
"No, I told you to sit on the back row
and
pray at this little
church."You
know, I realize that maybe my
character can't handle that yet.
Maybe my character can't handle a church
with 40,000 or 50,000 people.
Maybe I can do this behind a camera
because
I don't see you
face
to
face.
I don't know.
What is God protecting me from?
From myself.
I could go anywhere in any
church because I've been offered it so many
times, but every single time it's
always to a little
congregation with just several hundred
people.
Sit on the back row. Humble yourself.
And I think it's very interesting because
the
same said, "Don't forget
the janitor.
I'll make you a household
name throughout this for me, not for
you.
I'll not share my glory with you at all,
but you can speak for me.
And I allow you to give these words
and they'll prove to be accurate.
But anytime you ever get a big head
about it,
it's
taken that fast.
You're just a glove and
the Holy Spirit fills the glove and he
makes the glove operate.
You can do nothing apart from me.
The glove only has life when I put my
hand in it.
You don't control the gift. I do. Don't
ever forget
that."And
so many of you think,
"Well, I'm going to go and do this. I'm
going to do that."Not without me.
As I sit and I look at my flowers,
I realize...
I sit out and I just look at them and let the sun
just hit my face. I sit there and
I realize in that stillness,
Brandon probably doesn't have the
character to handle that yet.
I'm not dead enough.
But he allowed me to do this.
And I don't ever want anything to
jeopardize my relationship with him.
This is just a byproduct of
something that I've spent years
cultivating.
I've listened and
I listen and I stay at his feet. But if
money, if fame, if all this can destroy
me and take me to nothing and cost me my
marriage,
who cares? If you can gain the whole
world and lose your soul...
they may have the character to
handle it because God gave it to them, but
it
doesn't mean you are.
It
doesn't mean you're ready.
Maybe there's something in you the
Lord sees, and he says,
"You're not ready for that yet,
but I'll allow you to be used at this
level because
I need you right
now."I
remember sitting out in a Homeland
parking lot in Guthrie,
Oklahoma—and
it was before it was a
Savers—and
the Lord told me, he said, "I want
to use you for the ministry, and
you're going to bring
healing to the nations like Oral Roberts,
and all these things are going to happen
with you."And I remember sitting there
and I said, "Lord, if you're going to do
it, then just do it. I'm tired of
waiting and hearing you tell me about
that."And
boy, I tell you what, that was a
really stupid
thing to say.
We get impatient and we want everything
to be microwaved. But to go from glory
to glory takes character.
And it takes you being stripped away
from your pride because he doesn't want
to lose
you—to
gain the whole world and lose your
soul.
So if God wants you just to pray on
a YouTube channel of
mine,
thank you for being here.
Thank you. For many hands make
light work.
And I believe the best is yet to come
for every single one of us.
And we have a part just like this
guy praying for
Finney—praying
for the people down in
Miami,
praying for those that go and say,
"We had 40,000 people,
we had this, we had
that."Praise
God, man.
Obviously,
if God thought I could handle it, he
would give it to me.
But until then, "Obey me for what I've
asked you to
do."And
sometimes you can have everything
offered to you and everything under the
sun being presented to you and the Lord
says, "Don't touch
it."Maybe
he will tomorrow. I don't know.
All I know is right now. He said no.
And I get so disappointed. I walk
away angry about it sometimes. I go, "Why
me?"kicking
a rock like a little
kid.
I get in the car. I drive around for a
little bit and pray.
Diana
goes...
I told her today, I said, "Thank God
you've put up with me
all these years. You've stood by
my side even when I act like a
little brat,
cranky about something stupid.
I want to do this. I want to do
that."But
I don't want to ever lose the
ability to hear him like I do.
When he comes and visits...
he'll come and visit and he'll sit down
and we'll talk,
and the Holy Spirit is so real
and the presence of the Lord
fills my whole house.
And I'll be able to see over into the
other side—angels
in
heaven and beautiful things.
But if you were to gain the whole world
and lose that, who cares?
There's something that I...
this is worth more to me:
to have a relationship with him and
know what's coming and warn the
people as much as I can. The ones that
will listen.
And live by myself—be by myself, you
know, with hardly any friends or
whatever—and
just be following the Holy
Ghost
and just say, "Hey, at least I know that
all my family—my mom, my dad, my
brothers, my sisters—are all serving the
Lord. We all love the Lord. We all are
baptized in the Holy Ghost. We pray in
tongues, casting out
devils."You
have to believe, hey, that stands
for a lot.
Regardless if your name is known
throughout the whole world and you're
having a huge auditorium full of people
and everybody's clapping and saying
whatever.
People's opinions change. I've seen it on
this internet and it is toxic.
Does that make sense what I'm trying to
tell y'all?
I try to present my life
and
what I'm learning
just by things that I see,
because
I see so much.
And I want you to really search your
heart tonight and really know him.
And it's not in all the hype.
He's in that still small voice.
He's not in the lights. He's not in the
spotlight. He's not in all the junk.
He's in that still small voice inside of
you. And when you get real—oh
God—and
you crucify yourself, crucify
your flesh daily.
I die daily.
I die daily. What is it that keeps you
dead? Don't resurrect the old man. What
keeps you dead?
So that you are crucified with Christ;
nevertheless, Christ in me, the hope of
glory. I am so sold out to him that in
these last days when he says, "Go and do
this, do that,"I want to be obedient.
Quickly obey. Quickly obey.
Whatever he says for you to do, do it.
So if you're here tonight and you say,
"Brandon,
I just wish you could pray
for me.
Could you pray for me? I'm not right
with the Lord.
You say all of these things and I feel
inside of myself, man, I have so far to
go."We
all do. We're all a work in progress.
None of us have perfected any of this.
But I'm going to tell you, if you're not
even in the door yet, and you're standing
on the outside looking in,
it's time for you to give your heart
to Jesus Christ tonight. Before we take
any further
prayer or whatever, I want you to really
become real with God right now
and just say,
"I don't know if I was to die tonight
where I would spend eternity,
Brandon."I
really don't.
If you have any kind of question in your
heart at all,
why go any further until you know that
if you died tonight, you'd know where
you'll
spend eternity?
I want to pray for you. I
want you to get real with yourself right
now. You could be on that
fence.
You've been messing around, sleeping
around. You've been partying hard.
You've been drinking, acting stupid,
doing things that you know you
shouldn't be doing. Your mom raised you
differently,
but
your dad or whoever, or your grandma,
you know what you're doing
is wrong.
You've got that inward tugging. The
Holy Spirit's just screaming on the
inside of you, 'You're going the wrong
way.'And
yet you just keep driving as fast
as you can down the highway, and he's
saying, 'You're going the wrong
way.'Tonight's
the night to stop the car and
turn around.
Tonight's the night. You say, 'I'm sold
out. I want to turn around. I don't want
to keep going down the wrong
way.'If
I'm talking to you and you feel
that stirring on the inside of you, I
want you to say in the comment section
right now, 'Jesus died for me
publicly,'and
I want you to make a public
declaration to him: 'I want to be saved
tonight.
Tonight's my night. Brandon, would you
please pray for me?'Before we go any
further with this prayer service that
we're about to do, I want to ask you: Do
you know my friend Jesus? And more
importantly, does he know you? And if
you don't know if he
knows
you, you say, 'Brandon, I don't know
if he knows
me,'let's
write your name on that Lamb's Book of
Life right now by confessing him before
the angels, confessing him
before man. You say, 'Hey, I'm coming
home tonight. Tonight's my night. I
want to say a simple prayer for you, but
you've got to be bold about it, and I
want you to say it right now: I want to
be
saved.'All
right? I'm going to say a
simple prayer for you, and I want you to
repeat this prayer after me.
Say it with all your heart. Say,
'Jesus,
I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a
Savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me, make me clean
tonight. I turn my back on the world. I
turn my back on the devil. I turn my
back on my sin.
Jesus,
I repent of all my sins.
I repent of them all. I
shouldn't have been doing it. I ask you to
forgive me.
Forgive me, Lord.
You said
to confess my sins, that you are
faithful and just to forgive me of my
sins and cleanse me of all
unrighteousness. And so I confess those
sins before you right now.
Jesus, I thank you that from this day
forward, I belong to you. Write my name
in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I dedicate my all, my heart,
my everything to you.
Tonight's my night. I want to be born
again
tonight. Tonight's my night. I'll serve you
with everything I have.
Thank you, Lord, that I am forgiven.
Thank you, Lord, that you are my Savior
now and forever. I believe
with all my heart that you have forgiven
me and that you are the Son of God.
Thank you, Lord, that today is a fresh,
clean start.
I say it with all my heart.
I'm yours and you're mine,
and I'll serve you from this day
forward.
And if I were to die tonight, Lord, I
know now where I'll go. I'll be with you
in paradise forever.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus, for
dying for me.
Amen and amen.'I believe that if you
just said that simple prayer, you just
gave your heart to Jesus Christ and he
said,
'Behold, I make all things new
tonight.'Tonight's
your fresh, clean
start. Tonight
is a brand new start for you.
Now, what do you do? Find a
Bible-believing church. That's where I
would go—to a Bible-believing church, a
non-denominational church. Get plugged
in there.
Get radical about your decision
today.
Tell all your friends and family, 'I
just accepted Jesus Christ. He is my
Lord and Savior, and you need to make him
your Lord and Savior, too.'And they may
say, 'I don't want anything to do with
that,'or
whatever. Hey, you know what?
That's okay. I'll keep praying for you.
If
they say, 'Come on, let's go
party,'no,
we're not going to go party. 'I'm going
to go to church. You want to come with
me?''No.''Okay,
well
then suit yourself. I'm going to
church.'And
eventually, you'll
find new friends or they'll come
eventually and be a part of it. But
they're going to see that there's
something different inside of you.
And that's Jesus. You're wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost now. Now, what you're
going to do is read your
Bible, pray, and go
to that pastor and say, 'Listen, I need to
be water baptized. Will you help
me?'Get
water
baptized. Get plugged in on Sundays,
Wednesdays, whatever they've got going on.
Get excited about your decision tonight
that you gave your heart to Jesus
Christ. If you can't afford a Bible
and you just gave
your heart to the Lord and you say,
'Brandon, could you help me get a
Bible?'I
will give you a Bible
absolutely for free. My wife and I will
send it to you just to be a blessing.
You just email us in the
description below. If there's an
email address there, say, 'Listen,
I just got born again. Can you help me
get a Bible?'We'll send you
one,
no questions asked.
We're not going to solicit you.
We just want
to tell you: Welcome to the family.
Welcome home. But what I will ask you
to do is like, subscribe, click the
notification bell, be a part of this
YouTube channel, and come here and pray
with us every single time we're
live.
We try to go live at least five
times a week. I just want to let you
know we love you and we're excited
you're here. All 64 of you that gave
your heart to Jesus Christ tonight,
welcome to the family. All heaven is
rejoicing. The angels
are rejoicing
for
all 64 of you.
And hell is saying, 'Man, we just lost a
great sinner tonight.'And they're very
bummed out because they just lost a good
sinner. And I believe the best is yet to
come for you. Now, if you fall down and
skin your knee through sin or
whatever, you run to God;
you don't run from him. You run to him
with all your heart, and your sin now
is none of the devil's business. Say,
'Listen, I messed up today,
Lord.'He's
like, 'Yeah, I know it, but the moment you confess it, it's
okay.'Just
keep going after
him with your whole heart;
he will change you from the inside out.
Now, a toddler falls
and they mess up.
As you grow up to be an adult, you don't fall
as much anymore
because you're good at walking once
you've
got your walk down. But for a
baby, there's a lot of grace. Look at
what happens: a little toddler falls
down, they just fall. But
even an adult, when they fall, God's not
up there beating them with a
stick saying, 'I'm mad at
you.'But
you'll
grow. The word is going to change you
from the inside out. And those things
that used to bother you are not going to
bother you very much anymore. Watch.
Because the Bible's going to change you
and you're going to go, 'Man, I feel
different. I used to be so addicted to
this stuff.'And the more you change,
the Bible says that you'll know the
truth and the truth will set you free.
So tonight, you have to get that word
down inside of your heart. That's the
only way you're going to stay free. And
the more you get it down inside of you,
you're not going to be attracted to the
things you used to be anymore. You're
going to go, 'You know what? That
doesn't
even seem like—why did I used to do
that?'because
the Bible's going to change you,
the Word of God.
So, praise the Lord.
All right. Who wants to take communion
with me and pray now for all 64
of
you? That's wonderful, Braden. A good
start of the week.
Are you excited about this week? This
week is going to be interesting with
Trump and all this going on with this
Strait,
isn't it?
I believe we can see the
Clarity Act, and we need the Save America
Act, too. There
are
two bills that need to be passed
ASAP.
Mike Lindell—look, you see Mike
Lindell. You want to play Mike Lindell?
We've been praying for Mike Lindell.
Push him over there. You just had
him on there, son.
Right there. There's Mike.
We're praying for Mike.
Go ahead and play
Mike. This is who we've been praying
for: Mike Lindell.
'Hello
everybody. Well, we're down here
in Albert Lea, Minnesota this morning.
It's pretty early. It's
getting a little rain, and
we're heading into an event here
for
a
governor's race.
Then we're going to head from
here to Minneapolis. We're doing two in
one day today,
right in downtown
Minneapolis. It should be a
great day.'So
we
need to
pray
for him.
I like his little bus.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for godly
people running for office.
We thank You, Lord, that You keep them
strong, Father, that they'll not get
weary in well-doing. I thank You that
they have plenty of funding, that his
pillows are selling well, and his sheets,
and all the stuff that he does.
Lord, I ask You, God, that You give him
wisdom on how to win this race. I pray
for a turnaround in Minnesota. Even as we
talk tonight, as we pray tonight, we're
calling for a landslide victory
and for the righteous people to rise
up in Minnesota and win by a landslide.
And it's not just about Minnesota, Lord.
There'll be many leaders rising up in the
midterms. And we give You glory, honor,
and praise. Father, now we lift up this
body
and we thank You, Lord,
that You took it all for us.
Thank You, Lord, that we're crucified
with Christ. Nevertheless, it's Christ in
me, the hope of glory. I'm so thankful
that You're in me.
You dwell in me. You are my friend.
And we take this body right now in the
name of Jesus. And we thank You, Lord,
that by Your stripes we are healed.
You became sin, sickness,
and
poverty. You did it all for the
whole man, that we could be whole in
every area of our life: spirit, soul,
and body. And we're so grateful, Father,
in the name of Jesus for what You did
for us. And we take it in
Jesus'name.
Lord,
thank You for the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us.
We apply the blood over this week. We
thank You, Lord, that this week will be
victorious.
I thank You, Father, that we make much
of that blood right now from the top of
our heads to the soles of our feet. The
blood of Jesus covers us, the blood of
Jesus covers me, the blood of Jesus
covers my children—it covers us in the
name of Jesus. And we thank You, Lord.
I thank You, Father, that it never loses
its power.
Great is Your faithfulness to me, Lord.
And I thank You, Father, that the best
is yet to come. And we're going from
glory to glory. And Father, we do it by
the blood of the Lamb and by the word of
our testimony. We
put
the devil under our feet. And Father,
we're so grateful for all that You've
done for us in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we take this blood right now in
Jesus'name,
uninterrupted and unhindered
by any satanic or demonic force. I plead
the blood over anything that You want
to show me. Now, if You have anything to
show us, we yield to You, Holy Spirit.
And we, Father, jump right in that
river.
And I thank You, Father, that we pray
for that which is to come.
If You want to show us anything,
fine. If not, that's all right, too.
Father,
we are just yielded over to You.
Thank You, Lord, that we have eyes to
see and we hear Your voice, and a
stranger's voice we will not follow. We
take authority over hexes and vexes and
curses of witchcraft of all kinds.
And we say in the name of Jesus, it is
under our feet. We pray for those that
curse us, we bless those that try to
come against us. We say in the name of
Jesus, we bless you, and your words
fall down and they will not prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we
condemn it in Jesus'name. And we thank
You, Father, for it. And we give You all
the glory, honor, and praise for it.
Amen and amen. You believe that?
Take the blood.
Every time it's different. That's why it's
not religion; it's relationship.
People go, 'Whoa.'If
you knew
how boring it would be if you said
the same thing always to the Lord and
you never had something fresh
in
there—it'd
be just like a marriage. If you always
say the same thing to your wife every
single morning, every single day, all
the time, she'll
go, 'Is there any kind of
originality to you at all in our
marriage?'I'm
sure after a while—after how many
years—you're
going to get bored with it,
probably within a year.
Make things fresh. Treat God like He's
sitting right next to you. He has an
opinion about everything and He'll
teach you about everything.
If you just get real
with God, God will become real to you.
Stop trying to hide and be so
religious. Be just a friend. When you're
a friend of God,
strip yourself down of every
preconceived idea of what you think
God should be.
Don't put God in a box anymore.
'This is the way He's going to bless me.
This is the way it's going to have to
come.'If
it doesn't come through crypto,
if it doesn't come through this, then I
guess I'm just—no. God has a
million and one ways to bring it to you.
Just trust Him for each one of them.
You've
got to stop putting God in a box.
'Well, if it doesn't happen this way, it
doesn't happen through my job, I guess
I'm not going to be blessed anymore.
If I don't get to be the vice president
of McDonald's—if I work at McDonald's
flipping burgers—if I'm not the vice
president, I'm never going to be
anything.'What
if God wants you to be
in
another store? What if He has an idea
for you? Don't limit God in what you
think you should be doing. Let the Holy
Spirit lead you and guide you, and He
will shock and awe you. And you're going
to go, 'I never saw
that.'No
eye has seen, nor ear heard, nor
entered into the heart of man the things that
God has in store for those that love
Him.
It's over and above all that you dare
ask or think. He's exceedingly
abundantly above all.
That's the way I look at it.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for
President Trump tonight. He
needs some help.
Bless him, Father.
Make him a blessing to this nation.
I ask You, Father, I lift him up before
You with all the pressure. He's
frustrated, I'm sure, with all that's
going on, but I thank You that he has
strength in his bones.
I pray for his blood. I pray for his
organs. I pray for his heart. I pray for
his mind. I thank You, Lord, that he
does
not have dementia—that, Father, his
mind is sharp and alert and he will live
long and finish strong. And the deep
state and the witchcraft that's coming
against him, we come against it. We thank You,
Lord, that he is free, for whom
the Son has set free is free indeed.
We plead the blood of Jesus all around
President Trump right now, and around his
cabinet, around JD Vance, around Marco
Rubio, around their wives, around their
children. Father, I thank You, Lord,
that they're in the right place at the
right time. Every planned assassination
attempt, every plan against their
life—Father,
we thank You, Lord, that it will
not bear fruit. We plead the blood over
their grandkids and their children,
from Kai to Eric to Don Jr. to
Tiffany, to Barron, to Ivanka. We plead
the blood of Jesus over even the
First Lady.
Father, I thank You, Lord, right now.
Melania is covered. Their marriage is
good. I bless them in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we tear
down the walls that the devil's tried to
build up, trying to bring
division, strife, and every evil work
into
this. For you said, 'A house divided
against itself will not stand.'And we
thank you, Lord, that we will be
a people not divided against
themselves. Father, we will be
a people that are united as the United
States of America, one nation under God.
We pray for this nation to rise up in
the name of Jesus and proclaim again, as
we dedicate ourselves to you one more
time over these 250 years, that we
are one nation under
God.
We refuse to bow our knee to demonic
principalities and powers. Father, we
refuse to bow our knee to
the
deep state and demonic thinking.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
give us a reprieve for a major revival
in the name of Jesus. From sea to
shining sea, we call revival over this
land.
I
am
in
Europe,
and
I see
three
paths
here.
Lord,
which one do you want me to go down?
I see the number 25%.
I see green grass and the buildings
flourishing. There
is an
increase of 25%.
The pig is being walked;
the buildings are transparent. Remember
this:
the buildings are transparent. The
housing is going to be transparent, and
I
see it
going
up
by 25%.
Trump
is
walking the pig.
You're going to see Trump walking a pig
again.
Iran.
I yield to
the
Holy
Spirit,
to the anointing of the prophetic and the
anointing of the
watcher.
I see the crops. I see the corn
across the land,
a great harvest.
Some of the dirt is not developed
with growth, but some of the dirt has
great corn cobs.
The corn kernels
actually look like
coins.
Every one of those little kernels is a coin. I see the cornstalk glowing,
and as the husk opens, the
kernels are
visible to the eye.
Each
one is a dollar sign
that looks like a
coin. They
are
going across the land, but
there are
not many of them;
it will end
abruptly.
I see Iran. It will end abruptly.
It's not a retreat.
I see key leaders dying,
another
round
of
strategic
takeouts.
I see Mossad; I see Israel. I see
the boats and I hear one
more round.
These leaders will fall like
dominoes. I see them within pits
with
'Rest in
Peace'written
in English on
tombstones.
I hear of one more
round
of elimination
and then an abrupt start. I see the man
with the gray hair,
Reza
Pahlavi,
and a great revival will stir in the
hearts of the people of Iran.
I see
an
uprising inside of the land.
It will not allow him to eliminate all
the way because of Ezekiel
and
39.
They're in those
bunkers
in
the
mountain.
I see what seem to be falling
stars; these are missiles.
I see a bombardment
of missiles hitting Iran.
We pray for the troops and for the reconnaissance. I pray
a
hedge around
the
Mossad
sectors.
The blood
over this.
I pray a hedge. I see the
waterway. I see the
Strait.
One more round then it's all over.
It's dealing with
the IRGC
and
these
troops on the ground who
slaughtered the people.
A
shaking of this.
It's already so crippled, but I see it
crippled
even more. Father, we
thank you that their
water will remain okay.
I see the island. You know the island.
I see
all the oil burning
in
the
East.
Lord,
speed it up.
He wants you to deal with Cuba.
Speed it up, sir. It
is
speeding up
and it's going to eliminate them in
a day.
It will never be all done because of Ezekiel
38 and 39,
but it gives enough for
revival, freedom, and a distraction.
I see the island
burning. I see oil tankers
and the
barrels
burning. This is a
major deal.
I
yield
to
the
Holy Spirit
and
get
deeper
into
that river.
I see why Alex Jones changed his mind because of
General Flynn.
It's influence,
conversations on a phone.
I see Alex Jones and General Flynn.
The difference
in Alex's mouth is General
Flynn;
it's
the
root
of
all of them.
Turkey.
I warned you what the Lord warned us
about Turkey.
I see a
rising of Turkey.
You don't realize how close Ezekiel 38
and 39 are.
Watch
the war rhetoric
from
Turkey.
They will beat their drums
and
control their waterways,
trying to get global
dominance
with Russia.
The
hook
in
the jaw.
Now, this is interesting. As I hear 'hook
in the jaw,'I see North Korea
and
Kim Jong Un. Then
all of a sudden, I saw gardens in
America
and
food.
I see Kim sitting over to the side
concerning Russia.
I see this space race
and
these new
kinds
of rocket packs.
It's
a lot of chatter
about Wormwood
and
what they see
coming.
Everyone
was
focused on
that
rock
that was traveling so fast and didn't
burn
up,
which
looked like an alien
spaceship. No,
it
is
3I/ATLAS.
Everyone
is
focused on
3I/ATLAS,
but
what they are focused on is not this;
it's Wormwood. You'll hear more about a
space race because
they're freaking out because of what
they see coming
in the sky.
It's massive.
And they see this thing coming and
everybody knows it's getting
closer, and the math is pointing that it
truly will hit Earth.
The calculations have been recalculated
until
they've let AI do this. I see quantum
computing grabbing a hold of
what is happening
and doing the
math, and it's even saying
now it will hit
Earth.
There's no denying it,
and there's a panic—a stirring of a new
space race.
How do we do this?
We know this is coming;
there will be no avoiding it. Read
your Bible; it tells you exactly what's
coming.
The
Bible
is
a
key, a
major door.
Now I see discoveries coming
up out of the earth,
a shaking to awaken
out of the Middle East. You will see
that will bring forth life to the Bible
that has never been. You will see life
come to the Bible, life to people's
curiosity—a
stirring of the people.
Artifacts will be found and
brought
to
light
soon.
What was dark will come into the light
soon. Listen to me:
I hear what was dark will come into the
light, and it will happen soon.
A shaking in the Middle East,
an unveiling of things that were hidden
will now be revealed so that all will
see.
That's what the Lord says.
A shaking in the Middle East. And
this
will shake
Africa, the
Middle East, South
America, and America.
Many people will say, "Oh, this is fake.
This is
AI."But
then they'll start to pass them
around
and they'll be on display at certain
places.
I see them in England.
I see a great uprising
in England—the
Muslim community will be in
an uprising.
There'll be people protesting outside of
a museum in England.
I see signs; they're
upset that these artifacts are there.
They call it heresy. I see
an
uprising in England,
so much so that they'll say, "We can't
show it here
anymore.
You won't be able to go
in,"because
they're afraid of them destroying it. This is going to shake and reface things.
I see tablets.
They look like
tablets. There
are
other
golden things that
look
similar to a
menorah.
It looks like Jewish artifacts,
preserved.
I even see wood preserved.
It had no oxygen;
it was like
a sealed tomb.
On this stick, I see
growth,
almost like it was growing. It was
alive—the
staff was growing.
It's
a
miracle;
it still
has life.
It's supernatural. It will shake. I see a stick,
like a rod or a shepherd's stick, but it
has life.
God says, "I'm a God of signs.
And I'm going to give you
signs. Signs and wonders
will follow them that believe."Signs in
the earth, signs in the heavens.
He's
talking to me about right now: signs in
the church,
supernatural signs
that He is who He
is—the
"I Am that I
Am"sign.
It will be signs for the
unbelieving
to bring
all that
will have eyes to see,
waking them up out of their slumber
to shock and awe the nations.
Braden,
you hear me?
But He said, "I'm coming for the
Jewish people to shake
them."When
it comes to Ezekiel 38 and 39, a
great shaking
with the Jewish people
for this generation.
Days of great fun have just begun,
bringing in the harvest.
The vats will be full. Remember the
silos He showed us?
The silos will be full
of
the great
harvest. I have long patience for the
harvest,
and it is coming in.
Are you going to labor to bring them in?
Help me bring in the labor to get the harvest.
I see
the
silos full
of the glory of the
Lord on your churches.
I'm the God of the
signs.
Days of great fun, refreshing times.
Church will be fun
again,
bringing
the glory and
the
fun back. You'll be so excited,
waiting
in anticipation for what God is
about to do in the
next service.
You'll
go home, lay your head on
the pillow, and think about
what's going to happen tomorrow
in church.
He's
bringing fun back.
Watch what I'm about; the
signs—days
of great fun have just
begun.
Expect,
as you see the great things shaking
around you
and the people running to you,
bring them to me.
Hurry!
They're coming,
and
they're going to see that God is still the God of signs.
There
will
be a shaking
in the churches, and people will be
excited to
come into your
church.
Give God a
river to flow in.
Don't be a dam.
Let it flow,
and you're going to see great
signs and wonders.
We're
going after the one, leaving the
99. Watch what He
does.
There
will
even
be signs in Hawaii, in the
volcanoes,
throughout Asia, and throughout
South America.
This is going to
be church fun.
What is God going to do through you tonight?
I see
youth rallies with white
shirts again.
I see it with Erica.
There's a
man
coming up beside her.
I see
the worship
and
the band.
He's turning beauty from ashes,
restoring
what was so hurtful,
pressure from the demonic.
Like
static on a TV
when the antenna is bad, there
is
so much around
trying
to derail what could be
when money and fame get involved.
But
when you strip it
all away,
there's just
Jesus.
It's such a beautiful place
when you just
stand
there and say, "Here I
am."There
ain't no performance here. I'm
just as I am.
It's going to be a great
collaboration
with these celebrities.
Watch what he does with this, praying
over that film. He said, "Don't let
go of the film. Don't let go of
it."There's
demonic spirits trying to attack him:
confusion.
Mel Gibson.
The Lord said, "I told you to pray
for Mel Gibson's mind concerning what
he's doing to write this
Bible."Not
write the Bible, but
writing
this
film
to make it line up with the Bible.
The
film—he's
to write the film accurate.
Don't add to it. To accurately write the film.
There
would
be demonic things trying to
influence. That's why we said this is
so important because of what I want to
do to bring this lost in,
standing in the gap for Mel Gibson.
It's so important that God wants to use
this film,
but the enemy would try to derail it. He
said,
"You think The Chosen was big?
You think the first
one was big? The Passion of the
Christ was
big."He
said, "Watch what I do with this
one. Pray for this man.
The enemy is a loser.
He's a liar. He's been defeated. And we
believe that God's going to get the
glory
in the name of Jesus."God's going to get
the glory, Lord, to this. I see the plan.
It's false religions, false
things about the Bible. It's false
demonic things that are trying to attach
it, to try to get him to go off in weird
mysticism. It's darkness.
I see this darkness
trying to infiltrate the
script.
Keep it pure.
Keep it pure. I hear the Lord
say,
"Pray for his mind. Pray for him. Pray
for the ones that are
influencing him. Pray for him to be
strong."It's
the same. Remember whenever
it
was anti-Semitism
at
the movie
and he got upset and he got pulled over
by the policeman
and
there was an attack against all
that going on with him back
years ago.
It's the same kind, same devil. He
doesn't
play
fair
and he comes after you in your
weaknesses.
That's why the Lord said, "That's why
I've asked you to
undergird him and pray for him because these
are strategic
things."We
prayed over the money for it,
but this film is very strategic.
I remember I saw theaters full of
people giving their hearts to Jesus
Christ, in AMC and in their homes,
just weeping before the Lord because of
the tug on it. The devil knows
what's coming. He wants to
derail it. I'm telling you, the greatest
harvest of souls the world has ever seen,
you're about to see. The ones
that have been riding the fence, they're
coming to the Lord.
They're running to Jesus in the days
ahead. Watch what happens: a shaking to
awaken.
I keep seeing this stick with growth on
it.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord. You're shaking the
Catholic Church.
You're shaking the Vatican.
A major
revival will begin in the
Catholic faith.
Thank you, Lord, for the Baptist and the
Methodist. Shake, shake, shake!
I believe days of fun have just begun.
He's bringing the bride to his side.
It's time to wake up, Church.
It's going to be
something like you haven't
ever seen.
It's like when you go, "Man, I just want
to stay here, but I got to go home
and go to bed and wake up, but I
cannot wait for tomorrow."You're going
to
work the next day
excited because you're
telling everybody about what's happening
at church and the revival that's going.
"You've got to come! We had
church tonight. We saw this, we saw
that."I
don't know what's going to
happen tomorrow night, but I'm telling
you, you've got to be there. And that's the
way it'll be spreading. People will be
excited to go back to church. Making
church fun,
being excited for what God is going to
do because he said it's the show.
What's going to happen at the show?
What are the signs
and the wonders?
What's God going to do tonight?
He's the God of signs
and wonders
to this generation.
Isn't Jesus so wonderful?
I'm so excited. A refreshing.
He said a refreshing, places
of
refreshing.
Be a forerunner
to what's about to take place
for a brand new race. This is the
end of the race.
This is it. The great finale.
Oh,
Father, we thank you for the finale.
I saved the best for last.
This is the finale. Isn't that going to
be so fun?
I'll
get my tent out there. You'll see me in
the parking lot.
I ain't moving.
The glory will be in the
parking lots. The glory will be in the
way there. You're going to feel it.
The anticipation for what God is about
to do. Anticipation brings
manifestation.
Thank you, Father.
True prophetic like you've not heard it
in this generation.
True prophetic accuracy
with the fivefold giftings working
simultaneously all together like it's
supposed to, like a well-oiled machine.
The fivefold
giftings:
the pastor, prophet, teacher, evangelist,
and
the apostles. Watch them all.
It'll be like a well-oiled
machine with the pastor, the
teacher, and the evangelist all
working—the
prophetic working all
together—and
it's going to be like
when you see
an
engine moving
all well-oiled.
We've not seen the fivefold ministry
like we're about to see it,
everybody operating like they're
supposed to.
Thank you, Lord.
That's going to be so fun.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
When the glory falls, when you feel that
glory in those services,
just taste and see that the Lord is
good.
Father, I long for you to show up in
the services. I long, Father, for you
to
show up on this broadcast. I'm so
thankful, Father, that you would call us
friends, that you would visit us, that
there will be a generation that doesn't
taste death, and I choose you. You're
the closers. What will it be? We push
this over in prayer. Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that the best is yet to
come. That we wake up and we taste and
see that the Lord is good in these last
days.
Are you so excited?
I'm excited.
I'm looking into it. I can see the
churches and they're full of people
with lines out the doors. They're lined
up like they were at old Kathryn
Kuhlman meetings. They're
waiting hours ahead of time.
Church starts
at 7:00 and they lined up at 12:00.
I
see lines. Church
starts at 7:00, you lined up at
1:00. Praise
the Lord. Ain't that amazing?
With anticipation for what's about to
happen.
Have an expectation that God's going to
do something big in your life.
Thank you, Father.
It's almost midnight again.
I got to get on here earlier so we can
pray longer. I just
have so much work to do all the time
in the spirit,
praying this in.
I just sit at your feet,
Lord.
Thank you
for days of
refreshing.
There's so many people that just need a
fresh drink, Lord.
That living water.
Days of refreshing. We pray for those
that
despitefully use and come against
us, Lord. Father, they don't know
what they're doing.
We forgive them. Father,
we take no account of
suffered wrong.
We forgive them and we bless them in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord,
that we have been born for such
a time as this,
that we will finish this race and we
will finish it strong.
brush arbor churches,
old camp meetings.
Use us again, Lord.
Oh, Father, do it again.
Let what happened with John Whitefield and
Charles Finney and all them be
nothing compared to what we're about to
see.
Thank you, Father.
Let it be in Europe,
Canada, all throughout Australia, Asia,
South America, and Africa.
Touch South Africa and Nigeria.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there
are
brothers and sisters on here right now
just saying, 'I live in
Africa.
God, use
them.'Touch
their life with Holy Ghost and
fire all throughout Africa, bringing in
the greatest harvest of souls Africa has
ever seen, even making Reinhard Bonnke
and what happened in his ministry look
like nothing.
Touch the people here today.
Touch them.
All the people in Africa, touch them,
Father.
Put Holy Ghost and fire on them; stir them up.
Lord,
I thank you, Father, all throughout
that
the witch doctors will all bow their
knee to the Lord Jesus Christ and
they'll get saved; that Father,
there'll be no fear in them, that they'll
be as bold as a lion knowing that Jesus
Christ is with them. And we give you
praise and glory for it in
Jesus'name.
Hallelujah. Well, praise the Lord. I
feel we did quite a bit there. We'll
be back again tomorrow. It's Monday and we
keep praying. I kept you two and a half
hours tonight, but I'm so thankful
for all of you that stayed with me
and prayed and would be a part of this
great move of God that we're seeing and
continue to
push into this.
I'm excited.
I've got to study the
things I saw about this stick. What in
the world is this stick?
Some people are guessing what they think
it is. It had green growth coming out of
the stick that came alive.
It was a rod.
It looked like a shepherd's
staff that had green at the top of it,
green
leaves that looked like olive leaves
coming up out of this stuff. That's it
right there. Braden, what is this
cartoon? Yeah, Aaron's rod.
They're saying that's what they're guessing
it is.
It looks like a green staff with leaves
coming out of it. But what's
amazing was
as they found this, it was all dead.
It was a dead-looking rod. But when they
brought it out, I saw green stuff coming
out as it got in the sun again. It got
life again. And it was a miracle.
People were talking about this rod,
this piece of stick.
All of a sudden it was dead. That was
in a tomb,
in
a hidden place.
They brought it out and the moment it
got sun on it, it started growing again.
Supernatural.
And that's why I was looking at it going,
'What am I seeing?'But as it was doing
so,
it had little buds of flowers. It
was like buds, like
something green, but it was alive,
supernatural.
But I didn't know how,
and it started to grow so much that it
sprung up almost like a tree off of it
over time.
And I was like, this is too
strange what I'm seeing in this vision.
But then I saw tablets that were by it.
There were other artifacts that
looked like
the candles.
It looked like something like a
menorah?
Yeah,
exactly.
It looked like something that was
Jewish:
golden things and golden
stuff—it
was gold. It
had blue on it.
It looked like sapphires on
this thing that I was looking at. It
looked like a blue and gold beautiful
shiny, but it was tarnished. It was gold
and blue, but it was preserved from the
air.
It was sealed,
so it didn't rot
or decay. I'm just
saying it looked perfect. It
looked beautiful.
And this is what I thought was
interesting: I saw it being taken from
museum to museum trying to show the
people as an attraction. And it
was in England. But as it was going,
they had people that were Muslims that
were mad about it and they were trying
to discredit it, saying it was false and
all these things. And they were rioting
outside
because they wanted to stop it, but it was
the anti-Christ
anointing rising up trying to discredit
and say it was AI people messing on the
internet. I'm talking about saying,
'Listen, we've got to destroy
this.'And
there was rioting
outside. I could see it in England
at a museum
and it went to Washington DC. It went
to very important places
for
observation.
So people wanted to see this. Very
interesting to me. I don't know,
y'all.
To me, what I see, some of these things
the Lord said this is happening soon.
It's about to happen.
He said, 'I'm the
God of the signs.'Think about what he
said tonight. Then he said, 'I'm going
to show signs for the unbeliever
to shake the world.
I'm going to shake the world.'He said,
'I'm going to shake the world and the
church.'People
are going
to be excited to go back to church.
Church is going to be fun again.
Ain't
that neat?
And I saw something else I
thought was interesting. I saw the
thing in Iran would never be ended,
that they're going to eliminate some
more leaders, and I saw the
gray-headed,
Reza
Pahlavi.
And I saw the troops on the ground.
I saw them. I saw the people
rising up
against these people with guns and I
saw a revival. And the Lord said
it's
a window,
but he said Ezekiel 38 and 39 is about
to take place. He said, 'Watch
Turkey.'I
don't usually give a highlight of
everything after I've seen it, but it was
just stuff that really popped out to me
tonight. And he said, 'Watch Turkey, watch
Russia, watch these
things.'Well,
praise the Lord. I just
have an anticipation Jesus is coming.
Look, there it is right there,
Braden.
Look,
show
them.
But I've got to go get a
little something, some yogurt or
something. I haven't eaten much today,
and I'm so thankful
for every single one of you.
There's Dracula.
I told you he's going to be like a
Dracula in the days ahead. Watch what he
does. That's why I saw that man
saying
that—he'll
have a Dracula cape on.
I know it's probably a metaphor; it's
probably really not going to happen.
And then I've seen all this stuff about
that other person.
I saw a lot concerning a lot of things I
did not say, but I'm praying over
it before I just
blurt things out of my mouth.
I'm learning
some things about certain people and
it's nobody's business.
Look,
that man right there. Pray for him.
Reza
Pahlavi.
Pray for him. Father, I thank you that
he's protected. They're not going to
take him out.
That
he'll lead for a season.
I saw him leading for a season.
All right. Bless you all.
Put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much and we love you. God bless
you all and thank you for your time
tonight. Have a good one.